To; google_recruitment@google.com
Subject: Application for Project Manager Position at Google
Dear Mr. McKown,
It is with great interest that I write directly to you about the advertised opening in your company for the position of Project Manager at Google. The prospect of working with such a celebrated industry leader as Google is extremely exciting, and it would be an honor to contribute the myriad skills I’ve gathered and honed throughout my six accomplished years of experience to your organization.
For the past four years, I have been working as a project manager at Innovative Tech Co.Ltd. with a tremendous amount of success in all aspects of project management, from detailed budget analyses, performance reviews, and overseeing and approving resource allocation, to coordinating directly with clients on behalf of the company. My success at Innovative Tech Co.Ltd has been recognized on a number of occasions, including being awarded the ‘Most Productive Project Manager of the Year’ distinction in 2012 as well as 2013.
According to my research, Google has consistently managed to increase its project load each quarter and strengthen its already laudable position in the industry. Moreover, an increasing number of those projects focus on two areas in particular: neural mapping and evaluating weather forecasting models. I have overseen a number of projects from inception to completion that deal directly with both of those endeavors, about which I am very passionate. In light of both my expertise and Google's recent endeavors, I strongly feel I would be quite an asset to Google —a highly respectable company wherein I feel my particular skillset will make a real difference in keeping Google ahead of its competitors for years to come!
Thank you, Mr. McKown, for taking the time to consider my qualifications and the potential value I would bring to Google. I look forward to speaking with you further, and am available at (123) 456-0987 for any additional information or to discuss anything specific.
Once again, thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,
Edwin Richards